xd-deploy(1) -- A network plugin manager for Adobe XD
===

## SYNOPSIS

`xd-deploy` <command> [options...]

## DESCRIPTION
`xd-deploy` is a Node-Based network plugin manager for Adobe XD CC.

It allows to install plugins on multiple machines running Adobe XD simaltaniously during development.

## INSTALL
The CLI can get installed with `npm`:
```
npm install -g @pklaschka/xd-deploy
```

## ARCHITECTURE
`xd-deploy` consists of at least three systems:
- **server**: running in a network accessible for both *client* and *dev client*. Responsible for distributing plugins to *clients*
- **client**: running on a machine with Adobe XD. Installs plugins from **server** in Adobe XD's develop folder
- **dev client**: running on the development machine, this sends the plugin to the *server* for distribution

## COMMANDS
<command> is one of the three commands `server`, `client` or `dev` 
which lets you start the corresponding service:

### `server`
`xd-deploy` `server` [args...]

Start the **server**.

Arguments:
- `-p`=<port>, `--port`=<port>:
  Use the specified <port>, or, if none is specified, 8080.

### `client`
`xd-deploy` `client` <serverLocation>

Start the client. Installs plugins form **server** at <serverLocation> (full url).

### `dev` (alias: `develop`)
`xd-deploy` `dev` <mode> <serverLocation> [pluginFolder]

Start the developer server for the plugin in [pluginFolder] (the CWD, if none is specified).

Mode can be `install` (resulting in the plugin getting installed once) or `watch`, meaning the plugin folder will get watched for changes after the initial install and the plugin gets reinstalled on change.

## EXAMPLES
- `xd-deploy` `server` `--port` `3000`:
  Start the **server** on port 3000
- `xd-deploy` `client` `http://localhost:3000`:
  Start the **client** and connect to the server on http://localhost:3000
- `xd-deploy` `dev` `install` `http://localhost:3000` `./plugin`:
  Install (once) the plugin in ./plugin on the server running on http://localhost:3000
- `xd-deploy` `dev` `watch` `http://localhost:3000` `./plugin`:
  Install the plugin in ./plugin on the server running on http://localhost:3000. Watch for changes and reinstall on change.

## AUTHOR
Pablo Klaschka <xdplugins@pabloklashcka.de>